Update _index.en.md (#556)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/app/design/prototype/_index.en.md

---
title: Prototype
description: By using Altinn's Prototype-kit you can create a clickable prototype where you can design flow and content for your service.
weight: 3
tags: [translate-to-english]
---

![Prototyping in Figma](FigmaTeaser3.gif "Prototyping in Figma")

The Altinn prototype-kit is a collection of presets and components that you can use to create a prototype of your app within Figma. 

**With Altinn's Prototype-Kit for Figma you can:**

- Look how Altinn-forms look like and are experienced by the user
- Familiarize yourself with design elements in Altinn 3

> - Define Flow and content within your form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Define flow and content within your form
```

> - Create clickable scetch that can be tested by user 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create clickable sketch that can be user tested
```

> - Use the prototype as a guide/referance while the app is in development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the prototype as a guide/reference while the app is in development
```

## Get started with Figma
Having a designer that already has experience in Figma or a similar tool would be an advantage. 
If you don't have access to such a resource, 
we recommend going through an [introductory course before you start](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLXDU_eVOJTx7QHLShNqIXL1Cgbxj7HlN4).

1. Create a user on [https://www.figma.com/](https://www.figma.com/). Figma can be installed locally or be used from your browser.
2. Open the Altinn prototype-kit and follow the steps as described in the introduction on the first page if the file:

{{% highlighted-link src="https://www.figma.com/file/wnBveAG2ikUspFsQwM3GNE/Prototyping-av-skjematjenester?node-id=47%3A4068" link="Altinn Prototype-kit" %}}

> When the designer/professional has designed and usertested the form, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the designer/professional has designed and user tested the form, 
```

> it can be used as a specification for what the developers should create within Altinn Studio. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it can be used as a specification for what the developers should create in Altinn Studio. 
```

{{% panel %}}

> **PS:** If you are creating services for your own solution, where Altinn is invicible for the user, you should rather use 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** If you are creating services for your own solution, where Altinn is invisible for the user, you should rather use 
```

> your agencie's own designsystem to prototype your service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your agency's own design system to prototype your service.
```
